update repo README (#206)
bleu-studio/balancer-tools: README.md

# bleu's Balancer Tools

The Balancer Tools repository serves as a hub for open-source projects aimed at empowering Balancer users with additional functionalities, analytics, and ease of use. Here, you will find a variety of tools and utilities that can be used to augment your experience as a Balancer user, whether you're a liquidity provider, trader, Maxi or developer.

The tools are live at https://tools.balancer.bleu and https://balancer-tools.bleu.studio.

## Avaliable tools

> ### Pool Metadata [🔗](https://tools.balancer.bleu/metadata)

Reviewer: maybe because I'm at UFSC network kkkkk but I can not open the links

I get This site can’t be reached DNS_PROBE_FINISHED_NXDOMAIN

Author: fixed it. the suffix is `.blue` not `.bleu` 😬

Enhance Balancer pools with metadata like pool name, symbol, description, and more, improving discoverability and user comprehension. The Balancer Pool Metadata tool provides a user-friendly interface for pool owners and a public Subgraph for developers to access this metadata.

### Internal Vault Balances Manager [🔗](https://tools.balancer.bleu/internalbalances)
Empower users with a streamlined application to manage their internal balances. Deposit, withdraw, and transfer assets effortlessly, ensuring full control over digital assets.

### Stable Swap Simulator [🔗](https://tools.balancer.bleu/stableswapsimulator)
A comprehensive tool for analyzing stable pool behaviors. Set and modify pool parameters to evaluate key metrics like Swap, Price Impact, and Depth Cost. Simulate swaps and compare results with established data.

### Pools Simulator [🔗](https://tools.balancer.bleu/poolsimulator)
_👷👷👷 Under development 👷👷👷_

> An extension of the Stableswap Simulator for Gyro and FX pols.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An extension of the Stableswap Simulator for Gyro and FX pools where you can compare different pool types
```

```bash
pnpm i
```

If you need to build the Smart Contracts under the metadata app, you must first [install Foundry](https://book.getfoundry.sh/getting-started/installation) to your system:

```bash
curl -L https://foundry.paradigm.xyz | bash
source ~/.bashrc
foundryup
```

## Problems?

If you encounter any issues or need assistance:

1. Review our [wiki](https://github.com/bleu-studio/balancer-tools/wiki)
2. Check [open issues](https://github.com/bleu-studio/balancer-tools/issues) or create a new one.
3. Reach out to us at [balancer@bleu.studio](mailto:balancer@bleu.studio).

## Contributors

A heartfelt thanks to all who've contributed:

> - **Nichollas Rennah** and **Marcos Tullyo**: Initial designs and development of for the metadata app.

Reviewer: ☺️
